# WebBased
<h3> It's may be web scarping</h3>
<h2>So, let's discuss what Web Scraping is!</h2>
<p><u>Web scraping</u> is an automatic method to obtain large amounts of data from websites. Most of this data is unstructured data in an HTML format which is then converted into structured data in a spreadsheet or a database so that it can be used in various applications. There are many different ways to perform web scraping to obtain data from websites. These include using online services, particular API’s or even creating your code for web scraping from scratch. Many large websites, like Google, Twitter, Facebook, StackOverflow, etc. have API’s that allow you to access their data in a structured format. This is the best option, but there are other sites that don’t allow users to access large amounts of data in a structured form or they are simply not that technologically advanced. In that situation, it’s best to use Web Scraping to scrape the website for data.</p>
<hr>
<h2>Why is Python a Popular Programming Language for Web Scraping?</h2>
<p><u>Python</u> seems to be in fashion these days! It is the most popular language for web scraping as it can handle most of the processes easily. It also has a variety of libraries that were created specifically for Web Scraping. Scrapy is a very popular open-source web crawling framework that is written in Python. It is ideal for web scraping as well as extracting data using APIs. Beautiful soup is another Python library that is highly suitable for Web Scraping. It creates a parse tree that can be used to extract data from HTML on a website. Beautiful soup also has multiple features for navigation, searching, and modifying these parse trees.</p>
